# codebar chapter organiser meetings

Meetings will take place on the last Thursday of every month at 8pm(GMT).

### Raising items
To suggest something to be discussed at the next meeting please create an issue in this repo.

### Pre-meeting
Sometime (1 day?) before the start of the next meeting, please take a look at the issues and upvote any you would like to discuss too. The top voted ones we'll discuss.

### Meeting
Join via this URL --> [https://meet.google.com/tdf-sjbj-fna](https://meet.google.com/tdf-sjbj-fna)

### Post-meeting
- notes on each topic discussed will be added to the GitHub issue
- if necessary, assign the issue to someone with the action, we'll then follow up on this action in the next meeting
